skipfish/README.md, before:

skipfish web application scanner - version 2.10b
Usage: /skipfish [ options ... ] -W wordlist -o output_dir start_url [ start_url2 ... ]

Authentication and access options:

  -A user:pass      - use specified HTTP authentication credentials
  -F host=IP        - pretend that 'host' resolves to 'IP'
  -C name=val       - append a custom cookie to all requests
  -H name=val       - append a custom HTTP header to all requests
  -b (i|f|p)        - use headers consistent with MSIE / Firefox / iPhone
  -N                - do not accept any new cookies
  --auth-form url   - form authentication URL
  --auth-user user  - form authentication user
  --auth-pass pass  - form authentication password
  --auth-verify-url -  URL for in-session detection

Crawl scope options:

  -d max_depth     - maximum crawl tree depth (16)
  -c max_child     - maximum children to index per node (512)
  -x max_desc      - maximum descendants to index per branch (8192)
  -r r_limit       - max total number of requests to send (100000000)
  -p crawl%        - node and link crawl probability (100%)
  -q hex           - repeat probabilistic scan with given seed
  -I string        - only follow URLs matching 'string'
  -X string        - exclude URLs matching 'string'
  -K string        - do not fuzz parameters named 'string'
  -D domain        - crawl cross-site links to another domain
  -B domain        - trust, but do not crawl, another domain
  -Z               - do not descend into 5xx locations
  -O               - do not submit any forms
  -P               - do not parse HTML, etc, to find new links

Reporting options:

  -o dir          - write output to specified directory (required)
  -M              - log warnings about mixed content / non-SSL passwords
  -E              - log all HTTP/1.0 / HTTP/1.1 caching intent mismatches
  -U              - log all external URLs and e-mails seen
  -Q              - completely suppress duplicate nodes in reports
  -u              - be quiet, disable realtime progress stats
  -v              - enable runtime logging (to stderr)

Dictionary management options:

  -W wordlist     - use a specified read-write wordlist (required)
  -S wordlist     - load a supplemental read-only wordlist
  -L              - do not auto-learn new keywords for the site
  -Y              - do not fuzz extensions in directory brute-force
  -R age          - purge words hit more than 'age' scans ago
  -T name=val     - add new form auto-fill rule
  -G max_guess    - maximum number of keyword guesses to keep (256)

  -z sigfile      - load signatures from this file

Performance settings:

  -g max_conn     - max simultaneous TCP connections, global (40)
  -m host_conn    - max simultaneous connections, per target IP (10)
  -f max_fail     - max number of consecutive HTTP errors (100)
  -t req_tmout    - total request response timeout (20 s)
  -w rw_tmout     - individual network I/O timeout (10 s)
  -i idle_tmout   - timeout on idle HTTP connections (10 s)
  -s s_limit      - response size limit (400000 B)
  -e              - do not keep binary responses for reporting

Other settings:

  -l max_req      - max requests per second (0.000000)
  -k duration     - stop scanning after the given duration h:m:s
  --config file   - load the specified configuration file

Send comments and complaints to <heinenn@google.com>.

Commit message:

skipfish: Updated readme with examples. skipfish: Updated Dockerfile to have single version flag. skipfish: Updated Dockerfile to handle running as non-root correctly

skipfish/README.md, after:

## EXAMPLE USAGE
1. Start a sample webserver for testing: podman run -it --rm -d -p 8180:80 --name web nginx
1. Create output directory on HOST system: mkdir ./output
  1. Update permissions for output: chown a+rw ./output
  1. WARNING: Without fixing these permissions skipfish container will fail to launch with a permissions issue.
1. Run containerized skipfish against the sample server: podman run -it --rm -v ./output:/output:z test -o /output/test.out https://192.168.1.1:8180

skipfish web application scanner - version 2.10b
Usage: /skipfish [ options ... ] -W wordlist -o output_dir start_url [ start_url2 ... ]

Authentication and access options:

  -A user:pass      - use specified HTTP authentication credentials
  -F host=IP        - pretend that 'host' resolves to 'IP'
  -C name=val       - append a custom cookie to all requests
  -H name=val       - append a custom HTTP header to all requests
  -b (i|f|p)        - use headers consistent with MSIE / Firefox / iPhone
  -N                - do not accept any new cookies
  --auth-form url   - form authentication URL
  --auth-user user  - form authentication user
  --auth-pass pass  - form authentication password
  --auth-verify-url -  URL for in-session detection

Crawl scope options:

  -d max_depth     - maximum crawl tree depth (16)
  -c max_child     - maximum children to index per node (512)
  -x max_desc      - maximum descendants to index per branch (8192)
  -r r_limit       - max total number of requests to send (100000000)
  -p crawl%        - node and link crawl probability (100%)
  -q hex           - repeat probabilistic scan with given seed
  -I string        - only follow URLs matching 'string'
  -X string        - exclude URLs matching 'string'
  -K string        - do not fuzz parameters named 'string'
  -D domain        - crawl cross-site links to another domain
  -B domain        - trust, but do not crawl, another domain
  -Z               - do not descend into 5xx locations
  -O               - do not submit any forms
  -P               - do not parse HTML, etc, to find new links

Reporting options:

  -o dir          - write output to specified directory (required)
  -M              - log warnings about mixed content / non-SSL passwords
  -E              - log all HTTP/1.0 / HTTP/1.1 caching intent mismatches
  -U              - log all external URLs and e-mails seen
  -Q              - completely suppress duplicate nodes in reports
  -u              - be quiet, disable realtime progress stats
  -v              - enable runtime logging (to stderr)

Dictionary management options:

  -W wordlist     - use a specified read-write wordlist (required)
  -S wordlist     - load a supplemental read-only wordlist
  -L              - do not auto-learn new keywords for the site
  -Y              - do not fuzz extensions in directory brute-force
  -R age          - purge words hit more than 'age' scans ago
  -T name=val     - add new form auto-fill rule
  -G max_guess    - maximum number of keyword guesses to keep (256)

  -z sigfile      - load signatures from this file

Performance settings:

  -g max_conn     - max simultaneous TCP connections, global (40)
  -m host_conn    - max simultaneous connections, per target IP (10)
  -f max_fail     - max number of consecutive HTTP errors (100)
  -t req_tmout    - total request response timeout (20 s)
  -w rw_tmout     - individual network I/O timeout (10 s)
  -i idle_tmout   - timeout on idle HTTP connections (10 s)
  -s s_limit      - response size limit (400000 B)
  -e              - do not keep binary responses for reporting

Other settings:

  -l max_req      - max requests per second (0.000000)
  -k duration     - stop scanning after the given duration h:m:s
  --config file   - load the specified configuration file

Send comments and complaints to <heinenn@google.com>.
